README.md, before:

<!--
*** Thanks for checking out the Best-README-Template. If you have a suggestion
*** that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request
*** or simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
*** Thanks again! Now go create something AMAZING! :D
-->



<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![Stars][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]


<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/OniSensei/Intersect-GUI-Editor">
    <img src="https://imgur.com/fXO74DV.png" alt="Logo" width="580" height="176">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Intersect GUI Editor</h3>

  <p align="center">
    A visual editor for the <a href="https://github.com/AscensionGameDev/Intersect-Engine">Intersect 2D MMORPG Engine</a>'s .json files.
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/OniSensei/Intersect-GUI-Editor/projects/1"><strong>Explore the progress »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/OniSensei/Intersect-GUI-Editor/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/OniSensei/Intersect-GUI-Editor/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</p>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details open="open">
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

[![IGE Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](https://github.com/OniSensei/Intersect-GUI-Editor)

There are many great things about the Intersect Engine, and editing the GUI is not one of them. While I love that there is the ability and versatility to edit the GUI in such a way, it is slow and painstaking. You don't even know if what you're doing will look right until you load up the client. So I made this tool.

Here's why:
* Not everybody knows how to edit json files.
* Some people are more visual.
* Saving and loading to see edits is tiresome.

Of course, nothing is perfect and I will be trying to make it better with every chance i get! Feel free to contribute if you can!


### Built With

* [Treeview](https://github.com/zetoken/JSon-Editor/tree/master/JsonTreeView)
* [.NET Framework 4.7.2](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-framework/net472)
* [Json.NET](https://github.com/JamesNK/Newtonsoft.Json)



<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

See the [projects tab](https://github.com/OniSensei/Intersect-GUI-Editor/projects/1) for a list of proposed features (and known issues).



<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request


<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

OniSensei - [OniSensei#0420](https://discord.com/users/542094478513668176/)


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/OniSensei/Intersect-GUI-Editor?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/OniSensei/Intersect-GUI-Editor/issues
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/OniSensei/Intersect-GUI-Editor?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/OniSensei/Intersect-GUI-Editor/stargazers
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/OniSensei/Intersect-GUI-Editor?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/OniSensei/Intersect-GUI-Editor/network/members
[product-screenshot]: https://imgur.com/69O1CMQ.gif

Commit message:

chore: remove nuget packages from repo

README.md, after:

<!--
*** Thanks for checking out the Best-README-Template. If you have a suggestion
*** that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request
*** or simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
*** Thanks again! Now go create something AMAZING! :D
-->



<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![Stars][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]


<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/OniSensei/Intersect-GUI-Editor">
    <img src="https://imgur.com/fXO74DV.png" alt="Logo" width="580" height="176">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Intersect GUI Editor</h3>

  <p align="center">
    A visual editor for the <a href="https://github.com/AscensionGameDev/Intersect-Engine">Intersect 2D MMORPG Engine</a>'s .json files.
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/OniSensei/Intersect-GUI-Editor/projects/1"><strong>Explore the progress »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/OniSensei/Intersect-GUI-Editor/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/OniSensei/Intersect-GUI-Editor/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</p>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details open="open">
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

[![IGE Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](https://github.com/OniSensei/Intersect-GUI-Editor)

There are many great things about the Intersect Engine, and editing the GUI is not one of them. While I love that there is the ability and versatility to edit the GUI in such a way, it is slow and painstaking. You don't even know if what you're doing will look right until you load up the client. So I made this tool.

Here's why:
* Not everybody knows how to edit json files.
* Some people are more visual.
* Saving and loading to see edits is tiresome.

Of course, nothing is perfect and I will be trying to make it better with every chance i get! Feel free to contribute if you can!


### Built With

* [Treeview](https://github.com/zetoken/JSon-Editor/tree/master/JsonTreeView)
* [.NET Framework 4.7.2](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-framework/net472)
* [Json.NET](https://github.com/JamesNK/Newtonsoft.Json)



<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

See the [projects tab](https://github.com/OniSensei/Intersect-GUI-Editor/projects/1) for a list of proposed features (and known issues).

## Compiling from Source

1. Clone the repository
2. Run `nuget restore`
3. Open the solution in your preferred IDE and build

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request


<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

OniSensei - [OniSensei#0420](https://discord.com/users/542094478513668176/)


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/OniSensei/Intersect-GUI-Editor?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/OniSensei/Intersect-GUI-Editor/issues
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/OniSensei/Intersect-GUI-Editor?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/OniSensei/Intersect-GUI-Editor/stargazers
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/OniSensei/Intersect-GUI-Editor?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/OniSensei/Intersect-GUI-Editor/network/members
[product-screenshot]: https://imgur.com/69O1CMQ.gif
